Update privacy sandbox (#30637)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/storage_access_api/index.md

   ```

6. Usage of this feature may be blocked by a {{httpheader("Permissions-Policy/storage-access", "storage-access")}} [Permissions Policy](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Permissions_Policy) set on your server.

> 7. At the time of writing, Chrome directly resolves `requestStorageAccess()` calls that come from domains within a [related website set](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/privacy-sandbox/related-website-sets-integration/). This may change in the future

Reviewer: I think we can remove "at the time of writing" and "this may change":

```suggestion
7. Chrome resolves `requestStorageAccess()` calls that come from domains within a [related website set](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/privacy-sandbox/related-website-sets-integration/) if access to storage was granted. If access was denied for any reason, the promise is rejected, citing the reason.
```
